_**NOTE:** This note is auto-generated by the `devcontainer_env_push` script, do not modify it here as it will just be overwitten at the next push._

## Summary

The attached file contains the environment variables for the DevContainer.

## Environments

This file contains the environment variables for a local development environment.

If you need to run your container on a different environment, you will need to apply the environment variables manually.

#### Development

##### Applying automatically

The project noted above should already contain the following scripts in its `bin` directory:

- devcontainer_env_pull, which allows you to pull the latest environment variables from 1Password to your local environment.
- devcontainer_env_push, which publishes your updated environment variables to 1Password.
- devcontainer_env_compare, which compares your local environment variables with the ones in 1Password.

These scripts depend on you having the 1Password CLI installed. If you don't have it installed, you can install it by running the following command:

```bash
brew install 1password-cli
```

##### Applying manually

If you rather perform these tasks manually the environment variables file for development containers is located at `.devcontainer/devcontainer.env`.

#### Staging

Use the Grandcentral CLI to read all the environment variables and save them to the `.devcontainer/devcontainer.env` file.

You can do this by running the following command:

```bash
STAGING_ENV=$(grep '^STAGING=' .devcontainer/.env_names | cut -d '=' -f2)
newrelic-vault-env us grandcentral env $STAGING_ENV > .devcontainer/devcontainer.env &&\
sed -i '' '1,2d' .devcontainer/devcontainer.env
```


#### Production

Use the Grandcentral CLI to read all the environment variables and save them to the `.devcontainer/devcontainer.env` file.

You can do this by running the following command:

```bash
PRODUCTION_ENV=$(grep '^PRODUCTION=' .devcontainer/.env_names | cut -d '=' -f2)
newrelic-vault-env us grandcentral env $PRODUCTION_ENV > .devcontainer/devcontainer.env &&\
sed -i '' '1,2d' .devcontainer/devcontainer.env
```
